gh-84995: Run sys.__interactivehook__() on asyncio REPL startup (#20517)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2020-05-29-18-08-54.bpo-40818.Ij8ffq.rst

> The asyncio REPL now run :func:`sys.__interactivehook__` on startup. The

Reviewer: The docs use the `data` role for `sys.__interactivehook__`, not `func`.

> default implementation of :func:`sys.__interactivehook__` gives

Reviewer: Ditto.

> The asyncio REPL now run :data:`sys.__interactivehook__` on startup. The
> default implementation of :data:`sys.__interactivehook__` gives
> auto-completion to the asyncio REPL. Patch contributed by Rémi Lapeyre.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The asyncio REPL now runs :data:`sys.__interactivehook__` on startup. The
default implementation of :data:`sys.__interactivehook__` provides
auto-completion to the asyncio REPL. Patch contributed by Rémi Lapeyre.
```
